rework backup/wal descriptions (#1628)
timescale/docs: cloud/backup-restore-cloud.md

There is no need for you to manually perform backups for your Timescale Cloud
service.

Timescale Cloud allows a point-in-time recovery to any point since the service 
was created, regardless of when a failure occurs. To achieve this, Timescale 
Cloud automatically creates one full backup every week. We also take 
incremental backups every day, which store any changes since the last full 
backup. Finally, all generated WAL ([Write-Ahead Log][https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/wal-intro.html]) files are streamed 
to S3. The two most recent full backups are also stored securely on an Amazon 
S3 service with the most recent incremental backups. This means that you always 
have a full "base" backup for the current and the previous week, and we can 
restore your backup to any point up to the point of failure. 

> To perform a point-in-time recovery, we first restore using the full backup, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform a point-in-time recovery, your database is first restored using the full backup, 
```

then any available incremental backups, and finally by replaying any WAL to 
cover any gap in time between the incremental backup and the target recovery 

> point. For more information about how our backup and restore works, our 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
point. For more information about how backup and restore works, see 
```

> [blog post on high availability][https://www.timescale.com/blog/how-high-availability-works-in-our-cloud-database/#what-if-theres-a-failure-affecting-your-storage] covers this in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [blog post on high availability][https://www.timescale.com/blog/how-high-availability-works-in-our-cloud-database/#what-if-theres-a-failure-affecting-your-storage].
```
